[INUYAMA]
Hey, Koishikawa,
what was Karen Middle school
like?
[IKO] It wasn't
all that different from here.
Just a school like any other.
Do you have a boyfriend?
A boyfriend?
Oh, no, definitely not!
[NEKOGAWA]
But you're so pretty!
You must have been popular!
[laughs]
You're way off!
I'm a mess. Like, honestly.
So, why did you
transfer to our school
so late in the year, anyway?
[IKO]
Huh? Oh.
It's 'cause I hurt my leg
a little while ago.
So, commuting
to the next town over
got kinda hard.
Plus, this school's closer
to home.
Aah!
Oh, I guess that makes sense.
I'm really sorry about her,
Koishikawa!
She doesn't think
before speaking.
[IKO]
No, it's all good!
Stop! Please guys.
- It's fine. -[MALE TEACHER 1A]
Koishikawa.
Sorry, but would you mind
coming to the office?
We need to go over
some paperwork.
Sure thing!
Sorry, I gotta take care
of this.
[INUYAMA]
Right, see ya later.
[FN]
Episode 2 With All of My Heart.
[SHY] I haven't been able
to relax all day.
I can't help but wonder
how Koishikawa feels about Shy.
[SHRIMPY] You might be
the only one
dwelling on things.
Aah!
Oh, Shrimpy!
-Who would have thought,
-Uh?
That Iko Koishikawa
would be your classmate.
Aah!
What. What the heck
are you doing here?
If people saw you,
they might find out I'm Shy!
I'm here because
you forgot your homework.
[FN]
Teru Momijiyama.
Oh. Thanks for that, actually.
[Shy sighs]
[SHY] I really hope
that Shrimpy is right.
And she doesn't hold
a grudge against Shy.
But I dunno.
What should I do?
Uh?
[Iko crying]
-Hey! Are you okay?
-Huh?
Oh. Yeah, I'm all good.
I'm fine. So don't worry.
I just--
You're most definitely
not fine!
I'm gonna take you
to the nurse's office!
O-kay.
Thanks a lot.
[SHY]
Are you okay to stand up?
Yeah, I can.
Aren't you the girl
who sits next to me
in homeroom?
[SHY]
I'm Teru Momiji-yama.
Momijiyama, huh?
-I'm glad.
-Huh?
I'm just really happy
that my first friend here,
is somebody as nice as you.
So, thank you.
[indistinct chatter]
[FN]
Nurse's Office
[exhales]
Thanks so much. Really.
I feel a lot better now.
I'd recommend resting here
a bit longer.
I'll be in the staff room
should you need me.
Oh thanks.
I'm really sorry to make you go
out of your way for this.
Oh, no!
See, my leg still hurts,
so I take painkillers.
But I was so nervous
about my first day
that I forgot them.
[SHY]
If I had done a better job
saving her from that accident.
She wouldn't have to
go through all this.
[IKO]
By the way, Momijiyama.
-Huh?
-Have you ever been told.
You kinda look
like that hero, Shy?
[whimpering]
Does she know?
[smiles] When you ran
to help me on the stairs,
it sorta reminded me of her.
It feels like everyone always
has to come to my rescue.
Uh?
This injury is actually
from when Shy saved me
at the amusement park.
It's amazing.
Having a hero show up
to save you from certain doom.
I know it's a super
common thing nowadays,
but it's not exactly
something you can forget.
Uh.
That's what came to mind
is all,
'cause you looked
like a real hero
back in the stairwell.
[laughs]
Sorry. I'm being weird,
aren't I?
[IKO]
Um...
I was just wondering if you
hold any grudge against Shy
for your injury.
Why?
Do you think that I should?
If Shy had done a better job
saving you.
Then well,
maybe you wouldn't have
gotten hurt.
-That's what everyone said.
-You're wrong.
Huh?
How in the world
could I ever resent Shy?
When she risked her life
to help me?
Mm-hmm.
[IKO]
Shy saved me that day,
and that's a fact.
Just like you did, Momijiyama.
So, thank you!
[Shy crying]
Whoa! Why're you crying?
You're so nice
that just
[sniffles]
made me happy.
[laughs]
Are you gonna be okay there?
Sorry! I'll go wash my face!
Kinda strange.
I wonder if she was
just taking pity on me.
Well, now I feel bad.
I guess.
[groans]
[grunts]
It hurts.
[gasps]
Oh, you poor thing, you.
[exhales]
Who're you?
It pains me so,
to see your heart locked up
so tightly.
Who filled your heart
with such sorrow?
-[Iko sobbing]
-Why do you confine your heart?
Is this really
how you wish to stay?
[Iko gasps]
[STIGMA]
Now. No need to hold back.
Allow your heart to open.
[SHY] That's right.
I have to keep working hard,
so that kind people
like Koishikawa
can be happy.
The duty of a hero is to be
a beacon of hope for people.
I understand that now.
Hey, sorry about earlier.
I didn't mean to start crying.
Huh.
Koishikawa?
[STIGMA] This world
is filled to the brim
with so many hearts.
But they're all locked away.
Confined in their
human-shaped prisons.
You all believe that you must
hide your true heart.
But I disagree with that.
I will annihilate them all.
Each and every cage
you've created
to hide your hearts.
I mean look!
[groans and gasps]
[STIGMA]
A heart's true form really is--
Ko-Koishikawa?
[groaning]
[STIGMA]
--a beautiful sight to behold!
[SHY]
Why.
[groans]
Mo-- mijiyama.
What is--
[pants]
--happening to me?
[SHY]
Um, just stay calm!
-How did this happen?
- I--
I don't know.
This strange little boy
showed up and--and he--
[SHY]
A little boy?
[groans]
It hurts!
Make it stop, please!
Are you okay?
[SHRIMPY] Teru, I've detected
a strange energy.
-Analyzing now.
-No. It hurts.
-It hurts.
-[SHY] What is this?
-[STIGMA] This is her heart.
-[gaps]
[STIGMA]
Yes, you heard me correctly.
Her heart's inner rage,
and her hate.
Are all on full display.
Well?
Don't you think it's pretty?
[SHY] A little boy?
Where did he come from?
Are you the one
who did this to Koishikawa?
[STIGMA]
Yes.
Her heart was screaming out
in pain,
and seemed to be suffering.
So, I opened it up for her.
I don't understand you at all.
[SHRIMPY]
Teru, be careful.
I have confirmed
a psychic energy leak.
It appears that her heart
is about to lose control.
[SHY] What do you mean
"lose control"?
I have no idea
what you're talking about!
[SHRIMPY]
Think back, Teru!
Remember
what Unilord told you.
That being standing before you
is one
who brings forth the darkness
within people's hearts.
And he is someone
who needs to be stopped.
Oh, having
a secret conversation?
Now, that's rather
impolite of you, Shy.
[Why gasps]
This boy knows who I am?
Who in the world are you,
anyway?
And what is it you're after?
[Stigma exhales]
I want
hearts to be freer.
[screaming]
Koishikawa!
[STIGMA]
I want to free troubled hearts
from their confinement.
I've got you!
Just hang in there!
Mo-Momijiyama.
You have to
stay away!
[SHRIMPY]
Listen, that black crystal
is a physical manifestation
of her heart.
That black crystal
is her heart?
But how is that even possible?
[SHRIMPY] At this time,
she cannot control
all that exposed emotion.
The feeling that's taken form,
is her deep hatred for someone.
Hmm.
It must
be me.
Momijiyama.
-[gasps]
-Sorry,
it's all my fault
that you had to see
something like this.
Uh. It's not!
This isn't your fault!
It's like I'm cursed.
Everyone always gets hurt.
Just by being around me.
[crying]
My parents died
when I was young,
because they rescued me.
♪
One night,
our family home caught fire.
But my parents,
they ended up staying behind
after they got my brother
and I out.
Yeah, that's right.
If my mom and dad hadn't
saved me that night,
then they would still be alive.
And no one
would have said such
horrible things about Shy.
It would have been better
for everyone.
If I had been the one to die!
-Koishikawa!
-Stay back!
I can't control
my body anymore,
so if you
get any closer then you'll--
Huh.
When you ran to help me
in the stairwell,
it made me so happy.
Really.
Don't get hurt like Shy,
because of me.
I'm not worth it.
Goodbye.
[SHRIMPY (PULL)] She feels
deep hatred for someone.
[SHY]
So then, you hate yourself?
Why?
Why?!
♪
[exhales]
Stop it.
Why won't you ask for help
if you need it?
Why do you feel
like you have to
bottle everything up,
and suffer all on your own?
You're Shy?
People precious to you
risked their lives
to protect you.
So don't say
you should have died.
If it means I can save you,
I'll endure any pain.
No matter what, I'm here.
[screaming]
[groans]
Koishikawa!
[IKO]
Not again.
If this keeps up,
someone'll get hurt.
You'll lose another person
you care about.
Those words are nothing
but a curse.
A curse of death!
You can't.
Don't say them.
You can never say them!
[IKO (STIGMAFIED)]
Momijiyama.
Help me.
Of course!
[screaming]
Shrimpy! Now!
[SHRIMPY]
Roger.
[groans]
[pants]
Huh?
I'm sorry, Koishikawa!
If we'd stayed, somebody
could've gotten hurt.
[panting]
Shrimpy! Help me!
I don't know what I should do!
[SHRIMPY] And after
you seemed so confident.
Anyhow, analysis complete.
I've found out
what is causing the leak.
It's that ring.
You have to separate her
from the ring to save her!
[SHY]
The ring?
I see it. Here I go!
Koishikawa!
I'm here! Hold on!
[gasps]
[growling]
Aah!
[groans]
[SHY]
No way! The ring.
With the crystal covering it,
I can't get it off!
[IKO (STIGMAFIED)]
Hey Shy,
when flames were engulfing
my family's home,
If you'd come--
Or maybe if
another hero
had shown up to save us.
If that had happened,
nobody would have died!
Huh.
[IKO (STIGMAFIED)]
Shy, why weren't you there?
Why didn't you come to save me?
[SHRIMPY]
Teru! You can't listen to her!
[IKO (STIGMAFIED)]
Heroes don't actually care.
They'd never save
someone like me!
[SHRIMPY]
She doesn't mean it.
The hate being drawn out of her
has her confused.
-You mustn't listen--
-[SHY] No!
She needs me to hear her.
If this form is a reflection
of what's in your heart
then you've felt this way
for a long time.
You couldn't ask for help,
even though you wanted to.
You hated yourself
for even needing it.
But I'm certain I heard you
calling out for my help.
And I promised
that I'd save you!
Koishikawa!
You can take the hate
that's inside you,
and throw all of it at me!
I swear,
I'll answer you
with everything that I have!
[SHRIMPY]
Teru! What are you doing?
[IKO (STIGMAFIED)]
This is all because of
heroes!
Stop lying!
Don't promise me
that you'll save me!
You won't!
Stop acting
as if you understand!
Someone like you doesn't know
what it's like to need help!
I don't need saving!
I can't rely on anyone!
[SHRIMPY]
Teru! What's happening?
[IKO (STIGMAFIED)] I can't
protect the ones I love!
-I don't need--
-[SHRIMPY] Teru!
someone to save me!
[SHY (YOUNG)]
Hey, Grandpa.
Why do people try
and help those in need?
Even if you help people,
you don't end up getting
anything out of it.
So why do it?
Teru, people can't survive
on their own.
No matter who they are.
No one can make it in this life
all by themselves.
Even if they believe
they're better off alone.
People are always happiest
when they live for others.
That's just how God created us.
[SHY (YOUNG)]
Even if they die?
If they die
'cause they helped someone,
are they happy?
When someone passes away,
Teru.
Do you think that
happiness dies with them too?
[SHY (YOUNG)]
I mean
there's nothing left.
They're gone forever.
[SHY'S GRANDPA]
You're wrong about that.
When someone lives
for the sake of another,
they live on inside the heart
of the one they helped.
Then that person, goes on
to live for another,
and it forges
a bond of kindness.
It's the kind of connection
you'd risk your life for.
At least, that's what
your grandpa thinks.
Teru, that kindess has been
passed on to you, too.
And once you realize that,
and when you pass it on
to someone else.
I'm sure that you'll understand
what I mean.
♪
[IKO]
Help me.
Anyone.
Help me, please.
[IKO'S FATHER]
Iko! Iko! Look!
Help is on the way!
Daddy! Mommy!
Your daddy and I are going
to be okay; I promise.
We'll both be right behind you,
all right?
Look after your little brother
until we get there.
[pants]
You can't. Please! Wait!
Your brother will be fine
as long as you're with him!
No, mommy!
You can't stay in there!
Don't leave me behind!
I still need you!
[crying]
What was I supposed to do?
Would it have been better
if I had never been born?
[sniffles] I should never
have asked for help.
[crying]
[IKO'S MOM]
Iko.
You have to let yourself
move on.
It's time
to let go of this guilt.
Having someone save you.
Doesn't mean
that you did something wrong.
Show the world who you are.
Share your kindness
with others.
It's all right.
-[SHY] It's all right.
-Huh?
♪
I'm here to help you.
You really meant it.
[SHY]
It's going to be okay.
You're all right now.
So please,
stop hurting yourself
like this.
Mo-Momijiyama!
Sorry. I'm sorry.
It's all my fault.
I'll be okay.
I promise.
[SHRIMPY] Teru, did you know
that would work?
That the crystal would shatter?
I didn't. How could I have?
I just thought
I should get closer
to what's inside her heart.
It was only a feeling I had,
though.
[STIGMA]
Hmm.
Shy, huh?
♪
[IKO]
Hey um.
I really screwed up today,
and you got hurt 'cause of me
but you still saved me.
-I'm sorry.
-Hmm?
[smiles]
-[SHY] When I was little,
-Huh.
my grandpa told me something.
He said humans are
at their happiest
when they're living
for the sake of other people.
But--
So when you're kind,
It will be passed on
to another person.
And I think
that's a connection
worth risking your life for.
Koishikawa.
If you're feeling guilty,
then I think
you should pass on
a little kindness to somebody.
Huh-huh.
'Cause nothing
could make me happier,
than giving people
a reason to smile.
Huh.
Hmm.
'Kay.
[SHRIMPY]
Reporting in.
Today, a crisis occurred
in Japan.
We made contact
with the boy.
Shy took care of things
and fought
a crystalized civilian.
[IKO]
Momijiyama,
I have something else
to tell you.
[SHY]
Ah? Wha-What is it?
-Aah?
-I want to thank you
[crying]
For saving me!
[Shy blushing]
[SHRIMPY]
No injuries or deaths.